On election day, when must you arrive at the polling place?
5:00 am

What is Form 21-ADA?
Election coordinator accessibility checklist

What is the one form that an election coordinator may sign?
Form 14Reg, the voter registration form

What additional supplies should you bring on election day?
Fanny pack, box of extra pens (in case there are problems with voting pens), small notepad, bag of cough drops, rubber bands for binding ballot scanner print-outs

Where does the letter of authority from a field investigator go?
Envelope 47E

What time does a Judge of Election announce that the polls are open?
6:00 am

The lowered voting booth should be placed in an area with a minimum of how many feet of clearance?
5 ft

Campaigning is not allowed within how many feet of the polling place?
100 ft

After the polls close, what should you do with the ballots removed from the emergency ballot box inside the Election Supply Carrier?
Insert them into the ballot scanner

When the morning zero tape prints out, should you remove it?
No, it must remain attached to the ballot scanner until after the polls close

After giving the top portion of Form 14Reg back to the voter, where should you put the bottom portion?
Envelope 48E (registration materials)

If the voter's signature is not on file in the e-poll book, what do you do?
Ask the voter for the last two digits of their social security number

Where do spoiled ballots go?
Envelope S

If the ballot scanner display screen reads "clear paper jam", what should you do?
Gently remove the ballot to clear the message. When the screen says "please insert ballot", instruct the voter to reinsert their ballot.

Where does a provisional ballot go once it is completed?
Envelope P (never insert provisional ballots into the ballot scanner)

If the voter needs to change their name or address, what form should they fill out?
Form 14Reg

Where can you find the Ballot Packing List?
Envelope 1

If a voter has a status of “Inactive” in pink in the e-poll book, what should you do?
Confirm that the voter still lives at the address on record, and then allow them to vote a standard ballot

Political districts are identified by what?
Numbers

What must Field Investigators do each time they visit the polling place?
They must sign in and out on the Investigator Sign-In Sheet (Form 202)

Do pollwatchers need to sign in?
No, but they need to provide credentials

On the day before Election Day, when is it OK to hang up signs and set up the voting booths?
Between 5 pm and 7 pm

How do you spoil a ballot?
Write SPOILED on the front and back, initial both sides, fold the spoiled ballot, and place it inside Envelope S. Make sure to update the voter's Form 14 accordingly.

If the e-poll book shows a voter requested a vote by mail ballot but wishes to vote at the polling place, what form must they fill out?
Form 1, Consolidated Voter's Affidavit

Should provisional ballots be inserted into the ballot scanner?
No, they go into Envelope P

What happens at 6:30 pm on Election Day?
An election judge must announce that polls close at 7 pm, but anyone already in line will be able to vote

Where can you find the list of valid write-in candidates?
In the Key Judge's envelope

Where do voted ballots with valid write-in candidates go?
Envelope W

Where do unused ballots go?
The Election Supply Carrier

Where should you place the Morning Zero Tape after the polls have closed?
Transfer Case

Can you demonstrate how to vote on the touchscreen voting unit?
No

Where does a voided Form 14 (Application for Ballot) go?
Put it on the spindle, but don't number it

Where does the spindle go at the end of the day?
Envelope 14E, which goes into the Black Return Bag

What should you do before putting the spindle into Envelope 14E?
Note and record the application number on the topmost Form 14. This will help you complete Form 80 (Certificate of Results).

What should you do before opening the ballots?
Count them and record the number. Later, you can compare your count with the numbers on the Ballot Packing List. This number will also come in handy when you complete Form 80.

Where can you find Form 15, Correction Report?
At the bottom of the Form 14 (Application for Ballot) pad

Do you use Form 15 (Correction Report) if a voter has a name or address change, but still lives in the precinct?
No, in that case the voter must fill out Form 14Reg

What form do you use to document minor corrections to a voter's name or address?
Form 15, Correction Report, found at the bottom of the Form 14 pad

At the end of the day, where do Correction Report forms go?
Place them on top of the Used Application for Ballot spindle

What should you do with the ballots the night before the election?
After opening the ESC, count and record the number of ballots you find. On the day of the election, you can compare this number with the figures you find in the Ballot Packing List.

How do you put the e-poll book stand back into the case?
(placeholder for November 2022 election)
